---
layout: post
title: Guangciboaiyuan
permalink: /1901
project_type: architecture
author: hy
cover_image: assets/images/project-images/1901-0.webp
images:
  - /assets/images/project-images/1901-0.webp
  - /assets/images/project-images/1901-1.webp
  - /assets/images/project-images/1901-2.webp
  - /assets/images/project-images/1901-3.webp
---

### As part of the balanced regional development strategy and social welfare policies, a 60,000 square meters of land was schemed for a massive urban redevelopment, building social housing complexes, shops, offices, and social welfare facilities. LRH Architect & Associates was commissioned to design the administrative and social welfare buildings at the south end of the area, directly connected to a new subway station. The project aims to transform the site of Guangciboaiyuan–one of Taipei’s most significant social welfare institutes–into a subcenter of the congested and overpopulated Xinyi district.

### The design strategy is to develop the architectural language of the two buildings in parallel while integrating materials and open spaces to create a coherent urban environment. The administrative building, on the one hand, is a 13 stories above ground and four stories underground structure housing various municipal bureaus. The design was focused on planning the most efficient layout while displaying distinct features on the facade. On the other hand, the social welfare building has a step-shape volume surrounded by balconies and terraces of different sizes and characteristics. These semi-outdoor spaces are conceived to host all kinds of social activities and invite people of diverse ages and ethnic groups to participate.

### With the aging population growth and the scarcity of living space, Taipei is now facing the second wave of large-scale urban redevelopment. It is crucial for projects like this to actively improve the living environment while passing on the sense of place and the collective memories of generations.
